NAME                                                      VERSION                   TYPE     
7zip                                                      25.01-r0                  apk       
Alba.CsConsoleFormat                                      1.0.0                     dotnet    
BencodeNET                                                2.3.0                     dotnet    
CsvHelper                                                 12.1.2                    dotnet    
IPNetwork2                                                2.5.235                   dotnet    
McMaster.Extensions.CommandLineUtils                      2.4.4                     dotnet    
Mono.Posix.NETStandard                                    1.0.0                     dotnet    
NJsonSchema                                               9.14.1                    dotnet    
Newtonsoft.Json                                           13.0.3                    dotnet    
Portable.BouncyCastle                                     1.8.8                     dotnet    
Portable.Xaml                                             0.18.0                    dotnet    
QBittorrent.Client                                        1.9.24285.1               dotnet    
System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData                5.0.0                     dotnet    
acl-libs                                                  2.3.2-r1                  apk       
alpine-baselayout                                         3.7.1-r1                  apk       
alpine-baselayout-data                                    3.7.1-r1                  apk       
alpine-keys                                               2.6-r0                    apk       
apk-tools                                                 3.0.0_rc5_git20250921-r0  apk       
bash                                                      5.3.3-r1                  apk       
brotli-libs                                               1.1.0-r2                  apk       
busybox                                                   1.37.0-r24                apk       
busybox-binsh                                             1.37.0-r24                apk       
c-ares                                                    1.34.5-r0                 apk       
ca-certificates                                           20250911-r0               apk       
ca-certificates-bundle                                    20250911-r0               apk       
catatonit                                                 0.2.1-r0                  apk       
coreutils                                                 9.8-r1                    apk       
coreutils-env                                             9.8-r1                    apk       
coreutils-fmt                                             9.8-r1                    apk       
coreutils-sha512sum                                       9.8-r1                    apk       
curl                                                      8.16.0-r1                 apk       
dbus-libs                                                 1.16.2-r1                 apk       
double-conversion                                         3.3.1-r0                  apk       
duktape-libs                                              2.7.0-r2                  apk       
findutils                                                 4.10.0-r0                 apk       
gdbm                                                      1.26-r0                   apk       
glib                                                      2.86.0-r1                 apk       
grep                                                      3.12-r0                   apk       
icu-data-en                                               76.1-r1                   apk       
icu-libs                                                  76.1-r1                   apk       
jq                                                        1.8.1-r0                  apk       
libapk                                                    3.0.0_rc5_git20250921-r0  apk       
libattr                                                   2.5.2-r2                  apk       
libb2                                                     0.98.1-r3                 apk       
libblkid                                                  2.41.1-r1                 apk       
libbsd                                                    0.12.2-r0                 apk       
libbz2                                                    1.0.8-r6                  apk       
libcrypto3                                                3.5.4-r0                  apk       
libcurl                                                   8.16.0-r1                 apk       
libeconf                                                  0.7.10-r0                 apk       
libexpat                                                  2.7.3-r0                  apk       
libffi                                                    3.5.2-r0                  apk       
libgcc                                                    15.2.0-r0                 apk       
libgomp                                                   15.2.0-r0                 apk       
libidn2                                                   2.3.8-r0                  apk       
libintl                                                   0.24.1-r1                 apk       
libmd                                                     1.1.0-r0                  apk       
libmount                                                  2.41.1-r1                 apk       
libncursesw                                               6.5_p20250816-r0          apk       
libpanelw                                                 6.5_p20250816-r0          apk       
libpcre2-16                                               10.46-r0                  apk       
libproc2                                                  4.0.4-r3                  apk       
libproxy                                                  0.5.10-r0                 apk       
libpsl                                                    0.21.5-r3                 apk       
libssl3                                                   3.5.4-r0                  apk       
libstdc++                                                 15.2.0-r0                 apk       
libtorrent-rasterbar                                      2.0.11-r0                 apk       
libunistring                                              1.3-r0                    apk       
linux-pam                                                 1.7.0-r4                  apk       
mpdecimal                                                 4.0.1-r0                  apk       
musl                                                      1.2.5-r20                 apk       
musl-utils                                                1.2.5-r20                 apk       
ncurses-terminfo-base                                     6.5_p20250816-r0          apk       
netcat-openbsd                                            1.229.1-r0                apk       
nghttp2-libs                                              1.67.1-r0                 apk       
nghttp3                                                   1.11.0-r0                 apk       
oniguruma                                                 6.9.10-r0                 apk       
pcre2                                                     10.46-r0                  apk       
procps-ng                                                 4.0.4-r3                  apk       
pyc                                                       3.12.11-r0                apk       
python3                                                   3.12.11-r0                apk       
python3-pyc                                               3.12.11-r0                apk       
python3-pycache-pyc0                                      3.12.11-r0                apk       
qbittorrent-nox                                           5.1.2-r3                  apk       
qbt                                                       1.8.24285.1               dotnet    
qt6-qtbase                                                6.9.3-r0                  apk       
qt6-qtbase-sqlite                                         6.9.3-r0                  apk       
readline                                                  8.3.1-r0                  apk       
runtimepack.Microsoft.NETCore.App.Runtime.linux-musl-x64  6.0.35                    dotnet    
scanelf                                                   1.3.8-r2                  apk       
shadow                                                    4.18.0-r0                 apk       
skalibs-libs                                              2.14.4.0-r0               apk       
sqlite-libs                                               3.50.4-r1                 apk       
ssl_client                                                1.37.0-r24                apk       
tzdata                                                    2025b-r0                  apk       
utmps-libs                                                0.1.3.1-r0                apk       
xz-libs                                                   5.8.1-r0                  apk       
zlib                                                      1.3.1-r2                  apk       
zstd-libs                                                 1.5.7-r2                  apk       
